
TO DO LIST

GUI CRAP
-- some key to scroll/update map to find a unit (back and forth)?

-- some kind of way to move cursor around and show stats, perhaps hit some
   key and then bring up possible commands (a help key?) and issue command to
   that particular unit

-- drawing coordinates (with wrapping) at all times

-- for a command requiring coord, issue command, regain control of cursor and
   set target coord for command manually

DONE-- resizing of grids/colors /* sean */

DONE-- non-blocking client side stuff /* sean */

-- states the client can be in (alive, dead, accepting updates).. with some knowledge
   being done by the server (some sort of server timeout and kill) /* we need to check
   the spec */

-- '+' for land 	(green background)
   '.' for water	(blue background)
   '^' for mountain	(black background?)
   'c' for your city	(yellow background)
   'C' for enemy city

-- later on, some sort of help key (pops up a legend and possible commands per unit, to 
   start out the game, 'debrief' them, then it's a sort of hotkey)

Everybody else:

DONE-- place a vector of vectors of orders within the actual spot; also a vector of bools for 
   whether or not the empire has seen that spot. (So, we have to be sure to flip that switch
   whenever we actually get a particular spot)... some sort of SeenBy   CheckSeen(Empire*) 
   in Static. if false, sends information and sets the bool to true.

DONE --collectively do an order heirarchy on thurs/fri.

DONE-- heirarchy, need to register different types of messages and generate 
   them after parsing (hardcoded)

DONE-- keeping the 'visited' spots, "have I seen this spot before?"

IP-- we need to instantiate some objects... partly to test wether or not the damned 
   things actually do what we think they are doing

DONE(hopefully)-- we need to clean up the ownership so we don't actually try to kill something
   twice THIS IS A MUST..... THINGS MUST DIE ONLY ONCE!!!! dammit

DONE-- manually create a map (do it in grid constructor) sean was gonna work on script

DONE-- at the end of a boat update, update contained armies

GOALS:

NEARDONE-- have color, non-blocking, rescalable GUI on client side.

-- have client communicate with server and make stuff (army to move around or something to show
   actual contact between the two in a game fashion)

IP-- hopefully have the entire message BS done.